ITC-LMSをUTOLに置き換える (#971)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/faculty_members/url.md

### How to Add the Online Class URL in UTOL

- [Demo Video (Captions in Japanese only)](https://youtu.be/JeBwwDfhJJw)

> - For details of the procedure, please check the ITC-LMS News "[Setting up courses in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](https://utelecon.adm.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/utol/lecturers/settings/)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For details of the procedure, please check the ITC-LMS News "[Setting up courses in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](/en/utol/lecturers/settings/)".

```

Author: ```suggestion
- For details of the procedure, please check the page "[Setting up courses in UTOL (for lecturers / TAs)](../utol/lecturers/settings/)".
```
